ReadMe.

Basic explanation: Help Luigi keep the ghosts under control in the mansion! 

  Click on the ghosts to vacuum them up and stop them escaping the mansion (making it to the other side of the screen). If ten escape, it's game over!

  Different ghost types behave differently - watch out for King Boo and remember to avoid getting in the way of Yoshi! 

Functionality: Created functions for each individual ghost which determined their movement behaviour, their random spawning and score updating. 

  The ghost from above only spawns after players get a certain score, and the accumulator ghost increaes in speed as the score increases. 

  If Yoshi is hovered over, the players lose score. 

  King Boo is clicked five times consecutively, the escaped ghost count is reset.

  If enough ghosts escape, the Game over screen slides down, telling the player their score and asking whether they want to go again.   


Unsolved problems/regrets:
                  Pixels inconsistent style
                  
                  King Boo's click functionality is disabled for the presentation after issues

                  Restart game function restarts the scores but doesn't reset the ghosts

                  Couldn't get the mousedown animation function to work for Luigi cursor

                  Spent too uch time worrying about little animation things rather than big picture, kept jumping form one thing to the next!

                  How to Play link just goes through to the Luigi's Mansion Wikipeida page... also get that featur eon the homepage.

Future features to add:

                  High Score tracker

                  Cursor mousedown Luigi

                  2 player - 2nd player icon changes to Mario

                  More ghosts on screen exponentially - ghostFactory?

                  Possible hovering instead of clicking? More vacuum-like.

                  Powerups - had a mushroom floating across which would have changed things to hover only for a short period of time?

                  spooky music and ghost sounds















